# Meeting Notes for 09/10/2021

## Related Links

Zoom Recording: https://siasky.net/CACuoYgKvPlJ2Y1A417cxXaP44oFb6QvO3S0xewZdJ_CZw

Vision Slide Deck: https://siasky.net/HAAHLPlAAQ2i9DJLoBlqFgDQIjq_vPE8aWkcyac-ot7ljg

## Attendees

Angelica Turla, Morgan Wilde, Nik Kalyanic, Jacob Tucker, Caos, Phill, bz, statsguy, Kevin McDonald, Julian Rutherford, Hui Huang, AlexZ, Edward Tuck

## Agenda Items

- Vision Slide Deck
- Optimal Scheduling Time (weekly doodles?, what day of the week?)
- How we will update these meeting notes
- What should happen sync vs async
- Splitting up into subgroups during the Zoom meeting
- Metadata requirements (both on-chain and off-chain)

## Decisions

- Weekly meetings will take place Friday at 7am PST. The shared google calendar with the Zoom link is [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19wNjc2bDk4NDkzZTMxdGVjM2s3Y3U3Ymd0Y0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).
- We will have weekly tasks that people can sign up for. Once signing up for a task, you are responsible for contributing to that task whether it be on your own or collaborating with others who have selected the task. We can set up some sync Zoom calls during the week to get task groups together. You can select as many tasks as you want. We will then bring everyone together from all tasks during Friday meetings.
- Friday meetings will be a chance for everyone to sync up, share common goals & visions, share progress made during the week, and have discussions about the upcoming week. This is to make sure we are all on the same page. 

## Next Steps

During the slide presentation, Nik mentioned that one of the things we will be focusing on during the month of September is metadata requirements. There are two parts to this:

1) Basic metadata stored on-chain (ex. version number, author, contract name)
2) Off-chain metadata that stores more detailed information (ex. manifest, history of version numbers, video explanation from developer, detailed description of the smart module)

Our task this week will be to work together on figuring out what this metadata will look like. What should be stored on-chain so other contracts/the registry can determine about it? What information should we require developers to put in an off-chain metadata spec? 

Keep in mind that these decisions will allow for discoverability and will help developers decide which smart modules to utilize when they come to the Hyperverse. We need to allow enough metadata so developers can find exactly what they're looking for while making it easy to understand & use. Also be aware that this spec will have to span across blockchains, so how can we be blockchain agnostic when developing this metadata requirement?

Please come up with a list of metadata items to be included in both on-chain and off-chain storage. It would also be helpful to include an explanation of *why* it should be included. This is intentionally somewhat vague to help stimulate conversation in the discord as well.

Thanks for a great week <3
