# Meeting Notes for 09/24/2021

## Related Links

Zoom Recording: https://siasky.net/EAD-w7foucL9PloLkrioDGn5ooo_K2HH_uFg8dqm6SmLOA

DAO Plan: https://siasky.net/_ArvdsYeVsN8_DABmuTz_nBa1c_dHhWdeRKXLEjgsh1hRw

## Attendees

Jacob Tucker, Niharika Singh, Nik Kalyani, Morgan Wilde, Phill, bz, Edward Tuck, Servais Bonazebi, Caos, Angelica Turla, Emre Piconbello, Kevin McDonald, Saihajpreet Singh

## Agenda Items

- DAO/Hyperverse Future Plan
- Goals in the next 3 months
- Meeting schedule

## Decisions

- We will now host frequent meetings between Morgan and Jacob. We will announce a schedule for when these will take place (most likely around 12pm-1pm PST). If you would like to join, PLEASE do, we would love your input. If not, no worries at all, they are completely optional. We will still have our weekly meetings on Friday at 7am PST to provide a summary of the week's work and receive input on our progress.

- Hyperverse Module Ideas

bz:
1. Fungible token launchpad (for IDOs) with opportunity to lock and unlock funds for specified periods. (Have to be split into smaller modules: 1.1: lock and unlock funds that go into a vault and add time 1.2: token creation with variation options)
2. Borrow and lending, using NFTs as collateral
3. Membership token that allows only members inside to sell their membership tokens with each other.
4. NFT creation that requires specified fungible tokens in order to mint the NFT
5. Shared royalty with NFT trades.

Caos:
1. FT & NFT token factory/registry on-chain

## Next Steps

Meet next week frequently with Morgan and Jacob. 